com/zhuravlov/repairagency/controller/MainPageController.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.controller.MainPageController
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/entity/RoleEntity.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.entity.RoleEntity
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/config/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.config.WebSecurityConfig
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/RepairAgencyApplication.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.RepairAgencyApplication
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/service/UserServiceImpl.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.service.UserServiceImpl
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/controller/RegistrationController.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.controller.RegistrationController
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/entity/DTO/RepairFormDto.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.entity.DTO.RepairFormDto
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/entity/converter/RepairFormConverter.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.entity.converter.RepairFormConverter
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/config/WebConfigMvc.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.config.WebConfigMvc
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/entity/UserEntity.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.entity.UserEntity
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/service/UserService.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.service.UserService
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.repository.UserRepository
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/service/UserDetailsServiceImpl.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.service.UserDetailsServiceImpl
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/service/SecurityService.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.service.SecurityService
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/entity/RepairFormEntity.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.entity.RepairFormEntity
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/controller/UsersController.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.controller.UsersController
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/entity/Status.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.entity.Status
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/repository/RoleRepository.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.repository.RoleRepository
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/config/InsertAdminAndRoles.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.config.InsertAdminAndRoles
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/service/RepairFormService.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.service.RepairFormService
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/service/RepairFormServiceImpl.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.service.RepairFormServiceImpl
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/repository/RepairFormRepository.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.repository.RepairFormRepository
com/zhuravlov/repairagency/controller/RepairFormController.java
 com.zhuravlov.repairagency.controller.RepairFormController
